"The coin landed on Error Connecting To Remote Server" - Nightbot
"Has cd waterfuck??" - Warpath
"[I'm not religious but...](file:///Users/James/Desktop/Screen%20Shot%202016-02-24%20at%208.32.05%20PM.png)" - James
"Well i hope for the icelanders to be allright cuz of that volcano sleeping in their ass" - Warpath
"Lockpick the space ship's ass" - Index
"Being gay is easy mode" - Index
"struggling to shit the submarine" - Warpath
"Bullet King foot lettuce" - Index
"index i want to wear you on my head" - Shibariun
"The Crimson music is way too farty" - Index
"Oh, another baby. My third one already" - Stalking
"it's me for doing this" - Warpath
"Stop having the big sex with your eyesight" - Terra
"Doggo Style next" - Warpath
"What the heck is a bridge" - Index
"Doesn't look like look like look that to me, rather looks more like that look like that" - Index
"Imagine not putting the Pope Benedict XVI enchantment on your helmet" - Index
"Why does Mario sometimes jump and sometimes fists?" - Northernlion
"Lemon is known as the 'Citric Acid Warehouse' " - Splendentlife
"Hey Index I have a challange for you" - Index
"Normal or black?" - Stalking
"They call me Mr. win" - Nightbot
"Jack o' Pumpkin" - Anonymous
"The toes have been suckled" - Stalking
"What if he sleeped next to each other" - Terra
"Oh I got scared by my own eyes" - Terra
"We should play a massive game" - Mr. Meow
"Playing god of war rn cant fo event pog" - Crappy
"!small c" - Terra
"mecto is place, mhe is I, he is not and tyt is here. Where is the belong???" - Index
"You are extraordinary and embracing that which makes you unique is what makes you a Lamp" - An Amazon item description
"There is an invisible hole on one side of the world that is blind: Your life!" - Terraria lore translation
"The old hope is fifteen minutes away when all hope is lost." - Terraria lore translation
"He will never gonga" - Terra
"Dedda duy's bongagega" - Terra
"Great tasty patsha" - Terra
"I like Sekiro because there are dudes" - IguanaOstrava
":emote" - Terra
"Sending money to me" - Terra
[War sounds] - Mr. Meow
"La I am your sagna" - Northernlion
"I thought mitre was some holy armor" - Terra
"wifiguyoung schoolcat" - Terra