"The coin landed on Error Connecting To Remote Server" - Nightbot
"Has cd waterfuck??" - Warpath
"Our prototype was called 'Everest' and then we googled 'cool mountain names in Canada' and picked Celeste lol" - Noel Berry
"[I'm not religious but...](file:///Users/James/Desktop/Screen%20Shot%202016-02-24%20at%208.32.05%20PM.png)" - James
"If animals don't wanna be eaten then why the hell they made of food" - Broiled69
"The cuttlefish's brain is larger than its entire body, including its brain. Which may not make sense but it does to the cuttlefish. Because it has a very large brain." - MoffKalast
"I walked up to my friend and was like 'Yo. I had a dream last night about a game called Enter the Gungeon. You wanna make it?' And he said 'Yeah, but what is it?' And then I was like 'I dunno.' and then we went to lunch." - Dave Crooks
"Well i hope for the icelanders to be allright cuz of that volcano sleeping in their ass" - Warpath
"Cockring of Miserly Erection" - Index
"Lockpick the space ship's ass" - Index
"Being gay is easy mode" - Index
"struggling to shit the submarine" - Warpath
"Bullet King foot lettuce" - Index
"index i want to wear you on my head" - Shibariun
"The Crimson music is way too farty" - Index
"Oh, another baby. My third one already" - Stalking
"it's me for doing this" - Warpath
"Stop having big sex with your eyesight" - Doggo
"Doggo Style next" - Warpath
"What the heck is a bridge" - Index
"Doesn't look like look like look that to me, rather looks more like that look like that" - Index
"Imagine not putting the Pope Benedict XVI enchantment on your helmet" - Index
"I cream myself over children" - Kanade
"Why does Mario sometimes jump and sometimes fists?" - Northernlion
"Lemon is known as the 'Citric Acid Warehouse' " - Splendentlife
"Hey Index I have a challange for you" - Index
"Normal or black?" - Stalking
"They call me Mr. win" - Nightbot
"Christopher Freddy has some obsessions near the players. The grade recognizes that it is the king and the boredom of civilization." - Google translate
"Naturaly I decided to take it to the next logical level: Flopping the bishop while scratching my rash with the hot hair dryer" - DysonHairbucket
"Jack o' Pumpkin" - Anonymous
"The toes have been suckled" - Stalking
"wateratlowtemperaturesexistingasaresultofbirthe" - Index
"germanwith amerianximg sex w" - Namko
"sexx has sexl index" - namko
"He's slapping his balls on the pokemon" - Index
"What if he sleeped next to each other" - Doggo
"Oh I got scared by my own eyes" - Doggo
"We should play a massive game" - Mr. Meow
"You cuntch" - Index
"Playing god of war rn cant fo event pog" - Crappy
"!small c" - Doggo
"mecto is place, mhe is I, he is not and tyt is here. Where is the belong???" - Index
"You are extraordinary and embracing that which makes you unique is what makes you a Lamp" - An Amazon item description
"There is an invisible hole on one side of the world that is blind: Your life!" - Terraria lore translation
"The old hope is fifteen minutes away when all hope is lost." - Terraria lore translation
"He will never gonga" - Doggo
"Dedda duy's bongagega" - Doggo
"Great tasty patsha" - Doggo
"I like Sekiro because there are dudes" - IguanaOstrava
":emote" - Doggo
"Sending money to me" - Doggo
[Gun shooting sounds] - Mr. Meow
"La I am your sagna" - Northernlion